[Music]
take a well-known British designer add
some experienced Dutch engineering and
then sprinkle in some Italian styling
and this is what you get the fair line
63 GTO the key part of this boat of
course is this lovely open area GTO
grand tourer open there's a partition
that comes up here and then slides
across to seal off the cockpit but one
of the key things is the finish
beautifully stitched leather and this
quilting pattern you can see throughout
the boat based on the squadron 53 well
this is the owners stateroom it runs
full width of a hull and the thing I
particularly like are these lovely deep
windows which give you lovely views of
the sea and the depth of finish just
look at that gloss is absolutely lovely
on this boat it's one of three cabins
there's a guest VIP forward with my land
berth and to starboard there's a guest
double well this boat is powered by a
pair of Caterpillar c18 850 horsepower
diesels
but a man options available which will
give 1,200 a piece now of course this is
the first of the 63 target GTO and there
are a few little design tweaks that the
Felyne admit they have to do but for
what we've seen this really is a lovely
boat with a beautiful finish